hello there and welcome to torpid cast
today we're going to be watching Delta
kyos who my
God I don't know if I even pronounced
his name right kaios not kyos Kos Delta
kaios this guy I remember him
playing was it like six or seven years
ago it was a very long time ago and he
was always playing War Bloss so it's uh
pretty cool to see him coming back to
his roots in the war
boss and yeah probably going to be
extremely Rusty cuz I haven't seen him
playing literally that many years going
to be playing against Tom Derry who's
another aspiring player newer player not
an
old fresh out of the womb covered in
umbilical fluid still o [__] stinks
to be honest honest but uh yeah he's
trying to he's trying to wash it off I
like the play here Scouts pushing the
contested nice and early I actually like
to mix that up a bit and it would have
worked very well against Delta here
Scouts are speed 6.5 right so why not
exploit their speed send them down this
way straight away skipping your
requisition points and putting the
pressure on the contested you can catch
this and then when the Sluggers go to
Decap it well they're melee units aren't
they so you just pew pew them with your
bolters and it's a pain um and you would
counter that by being Delta by moving
one of your Shooters this direction but
then it's very awkward because an
isolated shooter will get wrecked by an
isolated FC or tax so then you can have
the tax take this point and then this
point and then you can rotate tax in
scouts out to deal with Shooters I'll
keep the scouts here to deal with
Sluggers and then your tax and FC can
blob together and that will be
everything but ironically it works out
nonetheless because Delta for some
reason is afking is is woss who should
have just gone and pardon me tied up
these tacks and then the shooters would
have been able to put on a lot of
pressure as the shotguns came over to
disuade the war boss the shooters would
force off the shotguns and you'd have a
pretty good engagement there so there's
some little early
game matchups that you want to consider
you want to think which units that I
have are going to counter which units
that he has ts are going to be great
against Shooters but not great against
Sluggers but if you have FC nearby then
the Sluggers can't do anything to tax
cuz you just activate battlecry and the
Sluggers will die way too early but if
the Sluggers have a war boss nearby that
might be trickier but if you've got
shotguns nearby that's good but then if
you have Shooters nearby they can deal
with the
shotguns so you you move around based on
that now the advantage that shotgun
Scouts have is that they speed 6.5 which
is faster than any of the Orcs right now
which are only a rather measly speed
five
and then you think right I forced off
most of his things here the only thing
on the backline is a tactical Marine
Squad and I've got Sluggers to
potentially deal with them I can send
the War Boss back to deal with them I've
just forced off the scouts why don't I
send my high DPS big Shooters forward
and Bash a couple of gens what might he
have coming out maybe a Devastator maybe
some ASM but you can gaug that from the
Jens two Jens likely a Devastator coming
out especially given that he's already
purchased shotgun Scouts and a major
[__] up there from Tom
Derry wow what was that must have
finished cing the point and that allowed
the Sluggers to get into melee and then
he retreated too late and he had a war
bossing
Retreat yeah and he loses his tax I
noticed they were upgrading to flamers
can we see the flamer on their body oh
[__] they got it as well wow that's so
expensive what a huge loss for Tom Derry
that is very expensive for him he's
going to get the artificer armor tanky
melee armor for the FC I don't I don't
know what the tacks were doing there and
I don't know why they upgraded the
flamer either it was very
optimistic when you upgrade to the flam
you have to consider where what units
can counter my attacks to stop the gem
bash right and that would be Sluggers or
the War Boss then you have to think
where are they and the Sluggers were
still in play you hadn't seen them on
the map and frankly Tom didn't have any
units on the field so he wouldn't have
seen any of Delta's units so it's not
really a situation where I go right yeah
I'll buy a flamer and just try and Gem
bash also there's no freaking Jens here
anyway to bash so I don't think Thomas
scouted that with
Scouts so I don't know why he bought
that flamer anyway that was um just it
didn't it doesn't make any tactical
sense now we've got burner Sluggers and
two big Shooters rotating to the
contested they will destroy that Nord in
very fast time ASM coming out for Tom
that's
fine I mean yeah losing the taxs is
pretty rough stor boys are now here and
these guys do power melee so they're
going to trade so well against ASM
honestly might need another squat Scout
Squad at this point with
shotguns might even want to get the
Power sword on the FC just to have a bit
more melee presence in tier one with the
War Boss Sluggers and the storm boys and
no attacks to sort of whistle them down
from afar this could be pretty brutal
now your ASM here what they going to do
in these engagements they can contribute
okay in melee fights if they land the
jump on the arc melee but if they have
to fight storm boys and Sluggers
together or if these guys get the global
Buffs from the war boss to use your
Choppers or the ad boys it's going to be
a very bad fight for the ASM so ideally
ASM want to be hunting down shooter boys
and then you have shotguns to deal with
the melee in combination with the FC
but that's why the ASM have to hunt down
the the shooters because the shooters
are the best counter to firstly the
Scout so will die very fast a big
shooter fire and then secondarily the
Force Commander who's a bit more robust
thanks to his artificer armor and the
fact that he is Commander armor
himself so again a bit of pressure down
here I'm not really sure why the Force
Commander rotated into the middle there
just with Scouts nearby it's not going
to be enough unless the ASM can jump
over and support I suppose they weren't
too far away this is a bit of a fail not
notice these shooters over there now you
know storm boys are in this Big Blob so
isolated Devastator is not going to be
very
effective they're going to need
support so yeah you send your
Devastators over to deal with these
shooters who can shut it down quite
easily and really you know floating a
lot of power here uh sorry floating a
lot of requisition here my room was
thinking I had a little bit too quick
there so you want to build power loads
of requisition here I mean now at this
point Tom is floating from tier two but
yeah really wants to be dropping that
third gen there really wants to be maybe
even dropping a gen over here something
to consider wants to be capping this
point and getting a gen here for sure
what he can do though in tier two is he
can drop down some Stern guard and I
believe that is mostly a requisition
heavy
purchase so that' be a good shout razor
back and St obviously he's lost his taxs
now
so he needs a bit of range fire power
and stone guard are always good against
the Orcs Hellfire rounds put in a lot of
work so yeah he commits quite early with
the jump there I'd have probably saved
my jump to jump on the Storm boys and
knock them over that way the Devastator
stay in play with the ASM and the Force
Commander fighting the storm boys you
might have had a chance to actually get
rid of them and then when you get rid of
them uh you devastate can reset up and
shut down these units here who can't
count with the suppression and you see
we had a called boys there in addition
to a bang bang hammer which boosts the
speed and damage of nearby arcs every
time he swings it and the result was
obviously a wipe in the ASM they
committed way too deep they're not
superheroes even though Space Marines
are basically
superum they're still fighting a gaggle
of Orcs And there's a war boss in there
so you got to respect that so yeah Tom's
ASM got wrecked there as I say I
wouldn't have I wouldn't have jumped
them in personally I would have used
them to defensively protect the
Devastator pull the devs back use the FC
and ASM to force off the stor boys once
the stor boys are gone get the ASM out
of there so they don't lose any models
FC can delay mess around and then the
Devastator sets up and you deal with all
three of these units cuz none of them
even have like a soft counter to the
suppression suppose they could use
aiming what's that and try and run the W
boss him but you know then at least you
forcing red out and it might not have
even been successful problem here is
Storm boys are now still in play and
that negates you Devastator
entirely so that's not good
lost his whole gen farm right now as Tom
so this is a problem he's got a huge
amount of requisition probably should be
putting some gens down here certainly
should be building this contested power
Nord he's had these Scouts capping the
map which is is good it's it's valuable
it's keeping him in the game Delta on
the other hand was very slow to go tier
two he was focused a bit too much on the
combat so this Razer back's currently
uncontested actually and it's bleeding
storm boys Delta needs to retreat these
they cost power to reinforce so it's
going to be quite
expensive going for the full cap on the
power that's good for Delta probably
honestly should not it as well cuz it's
just going to buy a lot of time in which
yeah Delta's not going to get a lot of
power himself from it but that that's
not the important thing you denying your
enemy from getting the power income
Little Miss micro here shoo was not
attacking the
contested Scouts continue to cap the map
we're going to have tank Busters on the
way to try and deal with that razor
back which is logical probably want to
follow it up with a war truck so you can
actually Chase it down obviously tank
Busters is not going to be the fastest
units they're on the Infantry they can't
catch a razor back on their own double
tank Busters apparently I mean that's
probably a bit
Overkill had Tom still got the ASM that'
be great for him he could just jump on
the tank Busters use merciless to
disrupt the storm boys of the ASM when
they go in and then Retreat out of there
then you can grab the Thunder hammer on
your Force Commander chair knock back
the or melee and the whole time the
Razer back is bleeding tank
Busters and you just get into a
situation where the arc then is bleeding
so much they can't get any more units
out and you're getting ta and stone
guard and all the rest of it and you'll
be in a pretty good situation I'm not
sure what's going on here ta coming out
and instantly B A flamer that's not
great really should be getting the stern
guard way stronger anti-infantry unit
than the Tactical Space Marines I mean
there's a reason the stern guard are
limited to one those Hellfire rounds
really do mess Orcs up
another thing I'm noticing here Tom
Derry very far behind on VPS right now
150 VPS and falling to the over 400 of
Delta wow this is a lot of
Orcs I think it's time for the Thunder
Hammer
baby sluggan knob on the field storb KN
on the field very very fair sarks these
tremendous amounts of damage especially
this sluggan knob because he does power
melee which really pierces through the
power armor of the Space Marines going
to need to control them and Space
Marines are great at this they're
renowned for their anti- infantry
knockback
power thund hammer is one of the best
applications of that Scout's getting a
little bit too close here to the storm
boys I don't know why they're running so
far forward probably wants to focus fire
the war boss right now so he's not
boosting the damage of everyone with
that bang bang
Hammer uh yeah didn't micro the Razer
back that should have been driving
backwards the hall time obviously
nothing right now tying up the double
tank Busters which will promptly destroy
that Razer back Tom Derry got an
absolutely tremendous amount of
resources right now hasn't yet replaced
all of his gens so he's a bit late on
that a bit pointless to do that now tank
Busters will destroy them very quickly
this should have been noed ages ago with
the amount of requisition that Tom Derry
has he does finally call down some Stern
guard
but I don't know he's uh he's quite
outnumbered isn't he by these Hawks it's
not good especially when they start
getting knobs out I mean it's just boys
you can win fights when you're
outnumbered but when they start getting
knobs on all the squads yeah things
aren't so fortunate for the Space
Marines might want to consider the iron
Halo increase the durability of this FC
if you had a vehicle you might go for
the teleporter pack and then you can
teleport on top of the Busters and
disrupt them but there's no point the
main threat right now is the Sluggers
and the stor boys so just go eye in here
and get that extra durability which is
what he's
doing why not these guys need to be
loading in their Hellfire rounds for the
extra damage against light infantry
you're basically never going to swap out
from that against the the
arcs
you I think you can do extra damage
against Heroes potentially with Kraken
rounds I'm not sure actually the damage
over time will affect the commander
armor so it's probably it's probably
just as good to be in uh Hellfire but
yeah they're in the wrong rounds right
now they're in cracken rounds which is
not going to be very effective Force
Commander really should probably be
staying next to the the stern guard
which again this is really sad if these
were in Hellfire rounds this would be
doing a lot of damage probably would
kill this Thugger knob in
fact but you can see the power here of
the Force Commander with his artificer
armor and his iron Hiller he is so
freaking tanky we don't have both the
shooters do we no that's the problem one
of the shooters is missing cuz the melee
can't really output their damage cuz
they just keep getting knocked over by
him
constantly and you don't have any
knockback immune stuff as the Orcs you
know your hero isn't knock back immune
you don't have like a tyrant guard like
tyranids you don't have a blood Crusher
like
chaos so everything just keeps getting
knocked
over so a common trick that you use is
you get a weird boy and you keep the
weird boy at the back when he runs into
disrupt the melee you let him do a
special so he can't move for a second
and then you hit him with a W bomit
meanwhile you want to focus him down
with your Shooters but the problem for
Delta there is he didn't have his
Shooters together which is a bit of a
problem i' probably you know he should
be capping the map with tank Busters
right now there's no vehicles on the
field tank Busters aren't actually
contributing anything into the fights
and then keep your two Shooters together
along with one of the the melee squads
nearby probably the Sluggers because
they don't have Mobility storm boers
have very good jump range boosted by
their improved rocket packs you can have
them down the sidelines and if you do
need to commit them to a main fight to
tie up the stern guard which would be
their primary target exploit the power
melee that they do then they can rotate
over and and land on the enemy quite
easily you've got the War Boss bang bang
Hammer can tie up tax but what I'd
actually recommend at this point because
of how much of a paining this fully
upgraded FC is get the cyborg
implants when you're using the big stomp
you can't be knocked over you be you
turn into a brick wall essentially like
even if you know like a charging Hive
Tyrant normally that would send the W
boss flying if it hits them but if he's
in the middle of his big stomp it
becomes like a wall And Hive T gets
blocked by him so it's actually a very
good counter to The Hive T charging in
particular but yeah it stuns so even
though you can't knock over the Force
Commander whil battlecry is active you
can stun him with the big Stomp and then
when he's stunned he isn't doing his
knockback attacks so then you can marud
him with Slugger boys and if he gets low
HP you just activate us your Choppers
and then you got bang bang buffing the
speed of everyone and the damage of the
shooters plus the Sluggers yeah good
situation there so I would recommend
that Calk implants to counter the full
investment on the Force
Commander had he not got the bang bang
Hammer already then he could have
considered going for the
um the custom shooter instead and use
the sort of full auto ability like the
Apothecary the one that stuns the Force
Commander and then shoot him down with
Shooters but the bang bangam is
perfectly fine and yeah just the
purchese there of the ASM using the ASM
defensively to disrupt the Sluggers so
that the attack could shoot their blob
for long longer and then having the FC
nearby to counter initiate with the
Thunder Hammer battlecry worked very
well there for Tom great amount of
resources for Tom fully replaced his gen
Farm still got the Scouts in play for
capping the map he's actually done quite
a good job with that you got to give
credit where it's due he has been pretty
good with capping the map really needs
to get to grips with his his St guard
though I don't I think he's even gone
into Hellfire yet which is a huge huge
mistake as I say obviously he's a new
player he's not familiar with the
different ammo types of the stern guard
it's a bit of a pain when you're in the
middle of combat trying to read tool
tips but yeah against
Orcs uh against Eldar you're basically
going to be staying in Hellfire for most
of it technically fire dragons ra guard
dark Reapers all Heavy infantry but you
don't see them too often you can see
fire dragons especially if you go for
dreadnots but for the most part it's
going to be a lot of Hellfire the
beautiful thing with orcses literally
every one of these sods is light
infantry so you just stay in Hellfire
and even the commander Hellfire will
punish a lot so it's nice and simple and
then you just drop to your your
Vengeance rounds if they get a wck or
a they build W banners or obviously a
death dread this sc's getting way too
close to the or blob here a bit of a PO
play here from Delta to blob up quite so
much I don't think this is necessary I
like the choice of the plasma cannon
actually it's a very wreck intensive
purchase but if if you look at the
economy of Tom he's just got so much
requisition right now and it could be
quite good especially if Delta's bloing
up like this with all of his units a
well-placed plasma cannon shot could be
devastating oh my God imagine a plasma
cannon here Jesus that would be so good
Delta don't do this dude what the hell
are you doing send one of the tank
Busters to do it and then split your
Shooters have one in cover here have one
here have your Sluggers here like what
the [__] dude and then another tank
Buster can go cap this side I don't know
why he's running his tank Busters with a
main blob they don't do anything really
against Space Marine infantry maybe
against like gasman cuz there's so many
models or homon they will actually do
something not against this nice plasma
cannon shot there on the Sluggers but
stor boys are going to say bye-bye to
them pretty
fast man what is he doing why is he not
Hellfire he's going to kill the War Boss
attacks need to
retreat dude what were the ASM fighting
the whole time oh they went for a kill
on slers Scouts meanwhile in the VP at
the back go on Tom he's actually using
his Scouts very well
here managing to keep them active I
wonder if his shift clicking he must
be don't think he'd have the micro to be
doing that in the middle of a
firefight oh my God the St guard not
been Hellfire though is so brutal they
must have got such a huge damage buff
from the battlecry then I mean they were
next to the the Force Commander for the
vast duration of
that there you go shotgun blast easy
easy kills on the stor boys here they're
isolated this is not a good fight for
them I don't know what they're doing
they're going to die holy [__] they just
managed to jump out but that is a
tremendous amount of bleed for Delta
kylo he is however tier three good
amount of resources for him and
absolutely absurd amount of
power how long has this game been going
on for I don't know there's only 38 VPS
left for Tom
holy [__] he had the craziest flaw ever
he was like nearly a th000 requisition
and
250 power that is
insane what the
hell I actually like that he's going for
the dreadn though not tier three there's
not a lot of time for him left and
really honestly even Delta kylo it's not
going to be a long time till he's out of
VPS so just getting a walker out right
now rather than waiting the dramatic
amount of time it takes to get tier
three and then get a tier three unit
afterwards yeah that's probably a good
choice he probably doesn't have time for
tier three 38 VPS is not a lot to play
with why the stern guard are not in
Hellfire I do not
know all right let's see what he can do
L tank is going to be a problem
obviously much faster than dreadnut
ranged AV melee dreadnut can't really do
anything against it thunder hammer in
play not the Power Fist on the Force
Commander so that will not do too much
against it plasma cannon will will hurt
Vengeance rounds will hurt melter bomb
accessible on the ASM and a missile
launcher accessible on the Tactical
Space Marines so he has options doesn't
he problem is he doesn't have them
options on play in play right now on the
field so he's going to have to upgrade
them and they're going to take time to
come in and that's going to have a
delay and he might start losing vital
pieces to his composition whil those
upgrades are coming
in Del Klo quite hesitant here again
blobbing his tank Busters in the main
formation this could actually work out
now though because there is a dreadn so
ASM need to focus on those tank Busters
dreadn can counter initiate any of the
melee stor boys did manage to fully
reinforce they're going to go cap in
they don't have their
knob now this pev here is nice again oh
God if these were Hellfire they'd be
doing so much more
damage pev though going to prevent the
Orcs from basically being able to cap
B Commander's going in pev's missing oh
I don't know what the dreadnots doing
right now this is a very staggered
attack oh what the [__] he misclicked oh
no he misclicked his Sterns and his
tacks oh [__] why the hell is the dreadn
going in against a tank and double tank
Busters this is
suicide oh this is a really terrible
play completely thrown his dreadnut why
the hell would you go in he had the pevs
to make the Orcs come to him Delta Koss
though seems to be having a
stroke what is he
doing he just let his Sluggers die his
Shooters have got barely any HP what the
[__] what is going on right now see if
the pev can finish off the shooters I
don't know why he isn't retreating
them
yeah well this is bizarre I don't know
what just happened
um not even sure that he's going to be
able to catch this point man if he
hadn't retreated them he'd be in such a
good spot I don't know why Tom is now
going tier three when he's got 38 VPS to
26 Callin [__] I don't know use a
drop pod reinforce all this get a
missile launcher on your tax finally
missile launcher on the attx but kind of
way too
late get another pev or something I
don't know just buy things buy
things get on the Storm boys okay
Thunder Hammer is chasing the L tank
which is a terrible
idea that was a beautiful feev shot
totally uh good look rather than good
judgment but that's
fine oh God another beautiful pev shot
right on the stor booy's face and again
oh [__] me just no prioritization or
awareness from Tom Derry but it's fine
he's new obviously right there tank
busers aren't doing anything you've got
no vehicles just ignore the [__] you
need to get sternard on the VP ASM jump
forward get on this VP missiles pre move
through pressure the tank and then the
FC can run through eventually he can
take over the VP cap then the ASM can
run down jump up and start pressuring
this totally a winnable game honestly
surprised Tom made the comeback it felt
like when he had two units in tier two
it was doomed but then Delta just
started like blobbing up like crazy I
don't know what happened maybe he
fatigued it's like he I don't know his
gaml just went down massively but he had
more units and I guess people have a
limit the amount of units they can kind
of
control yeah and it seemed quite
apparent right there but there you go
that's going to be all from this cast
hope you enjoy that one folks and do
remember if you want to send in your own
replay you can for the sloppy Saturday
casts I will accept pretty much anyone
give you a bit of feedback and advice
join the Discord and go to replay
submissions after verifying that you
have read and understood the
rules that is going to be all for you
boy topy this time I am signing out Link
in the description for the Discord
[Music]